main idea:
To provide Bot for Supervisors where they can perform multiple actions.

First implementation:
update global variables from the bot.



ignore the messages from bot logic:

after receiving the webhook notification from bot to the app.

we will get personEmail in the notification itself.

if the notification contains @webex.bot ignore the message.

me:tts prompt 
bot: Current Value at tts prompt is : 

me : Hi 
bot : Hello welcome to the wxcc supervisor bot.
      please select an option to start
      <List of options>
      Next button

me: select an option(Global Variable List)

Bot: Operation regarding the(List of Global Variable) and Next button.

Bot: shows the tts_script and its default value and next button.

bot: text box to enter the value for tts_script and update button.

bot: message with status.


differentiate between a incomming message and to the bot and a selction in the card.



sequence:

msg from user 1st msg notification
reply from bot with card 2nd attachment notification and 3rd notification as msg
submit the card 3rd notification

decide a way:
display the option selected by user and delete the card after selection.
extract the contents of the card--- options selected and action taken..
whenever you send a card you will get a message webhook...
 and whenever you submit it you will receive a attach webhook...
 we need to verifiy if there is any link between these two webhooks 
 because we need to delete the message after receiving the attach ... 
 in exact.. we need the msg webhook id in the attach notify webhook ... 




feature list =["Prompt Admin","Agent Stats","Business Hours","Call Recording"]
available prompts list: [ prompt1, prompt2, prompt3]
prompt 1 list [ update]
update list [ update_the_prompt]
exit [ Thank you for using the bot]

user can select feature or prompt or update

if usv is exit:
      Delete the card and say Thank you.

elseif usv is save:
      save the prompt and say thank you.
elseif usv is update:
      get the prompt name,
elseif usv is in prompt list:
      send a card with that prompt details and options[update,exit]
      
            

prompt admin : next
list of prompts available : next 
stores the list of prompts
user selects prompt : next
displays the prompt value
options update or exit : next
user selects update : next
display text box, prompt name 
user selects save: 
send message , updated successfully.


